
When you deploy this Quick Start, if you encounter a *CREATE_FAILED*
error instead of the *CREATE_COMPLETE* status code, we recommend that
you relaunch the template with *Rollback on failure* set to *No*. (This
setting is under *Advanced* in the AWS CloudFormation console, *Options*
page.) With this setting, the stack’s state will be retained and the
instance will be left running, so you can troubleshoot the issue.
(You’ll want to look at the log files in
%ProgramFiles%\Amazon\EC2ConfigService and in the C:\cfn\log folder.)

____
*Important* When you set *Rollback on failure* to *No*, you’ll continue
to incur AWS charges for this stack. Please make sure to delete the
stack when you’ve finished troubleshooting.
____

The following table lists specific *CREATE_FAILED* error messages you
might encounter.

[cols=",,",options="header",]
|===
|Error message |Possible cause |What to do
|API: ec2: RunInstances Not authorized for images:
https://forums.aws.amazon.com/[_ami-ID_] |The template is referencing an
AMI that has expired. a|
We refresh AMIs on a regular basis, but our schedule isn’t always
synchronized with AWS AMI updates. If you get this error message, notify
us, and we’ll update the template with the new AMI ID.

If you’d like to fix the template yourself, you can
https://fwd.aws/px53q[download it] and update the Mappings section with
the latest AMI ID for your region.

|We currently do not have sufficient t2.small capacity in the AZ you
requested |The NAT instance requires a larger or different instance
type. |Switch to an instance type that supports higher capacity. If a
higher-capacity instance type isn’t available, try a different
Availability Zone or region. Or you can complete the
https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/home#/case/create?issueType=service-limit-increase&limitType=service-code-[request
form] in the AWS Support Center to increase the Amazon EC2 limit for the
instance type or region. Limit increases are tied to the region they
were requested for.

|Instance _ID_ did not stabilize |You have exceeded your IOPS for the
region.
|https://aws.amazon.com/support/createCase?serviceLimitIncreaseType=ebs-volumes&type=service_limit_increase[Request
a limit increase] by completing the
https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/home#/case/create?issueType=service-limit-increase&limitType=service-code-[request
form] in the AWS Support Center.
|===

If you encounter a template validation error during deployment, check
for a mismatch in the values of the *Availability Zones* and *Number of
Availability Zones* parameters. If you select more Availability Zones
than you request, the AWS CloudFormation template won’t validate.
Correct the parameters so that they’re in sync, and redeploy the Quick
Start.

For additional information, see
http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/troubleshooting.html[Troubleshooting
AWS CloudFormation] on the AWS website. If the problem you encounter
isn’t covered on that page or in the table, please visit the
https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/[AWS Support Center]. If you’re
filing a support ticket, please attach the install.log file from the
master instance (this is the log file that is located in the
/root/install folder) to the ticket.
