Deploying this Quick Start with the *default parameters* builds the
following virtual networking environment in the AWS Cloud.

image::architecture.png[Architecture,640,480]

* Note that the IP addresses exclude five addresses from each subnet
that are reserved and unavailable for use.

Figure 1: Modular Amazon VPC architecture on AWS
(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/quickstart/latest/vpc/images/quickstart-vpc-design-fullscreen.png[full-screen view])

The AWS CloudFormation template sets up the virtual network and creates
networking resources.

The template creates a Multi-AZ, multi-subnet VPC infrastructure with
managed NAT gateways in the public subnet for each Availability Zone.
You can also create additional private subnets with dedicated custom
network access control lists (ACLs). If you deploy the Quick Start in a
region that doesnâ€™t support NAT gateways, NAT instances are deployed
instead. Default subnet sizes are based on a typical deployment but can
be reconfigured, as discussed in the link:#subnet-sizing[Subnet Sizing]
section.

The Quick Start also includes VPC endpoints, which provide a secure,
reliable connection to Amazon S3 without requiring an Internet gateway,
a NAT device, or a virtual private gateway. With these endpoints, you
can access S3 resources from within the VPC created by the Quick Start.
These endpoints are valid only for the AWS Region in which you launch
the Quick Start.

The Quick Start uses the default endpoint policy, which gives any user
or service within the VPC full access to Amazon S3 resources. This
policy supplements any IAM user policies or S3 bucket policies that you
may have in place.

The Quick Start also enables Domain Name System (DNS) resolution in the
VPC. For more information about VPC endpoints, see the
http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/vpc-endpoints-s3.html[AWS
documentation].
